# newsletter-data

Nakheel awards Dh66 million contract for Dancing Fountain at the Pointe at Palm Jumeirah
Master developer Nakheel has signed a contract worth AED66 million for a spectacular, choreographed fountain at The Pointe, its new, AED800 million waterfront dining and entertainment destination on Dubai's world-famous Palm Jumeirah.
The developer has appointed one of China's largest fountain specialists, Beijing Water Design, to deliver and operate the fountain, which will cover a 12,000 square metre area of water at the tip of the island, across the bay from Atlantis The Palm.
Speaking at the signing ceremony at Nakheel's Dubai headquarters today, Nakheel Chairman, Ali Rashid Lootah, said: "Palm Jumeirah, our flagship project, is already one of the most popular, sought-after destinations for Dubai's residents and tourists. The Pointe, our latest addition to this ever-evolving island, is an iconic, must-see attraction that adds a new dimension to the city's dining, retail and entertainment scene.
"Today's signing is a major milestone for The Pointe, as it means work on its centrepiece – the fountain – is now underway, and we are one step closer to delivering this eagerly-anticipated destination."
Operated by Nakheel Malls, the retail arm of Nakheel, The Pointe features nearly 70 restaurants, shops and attractions, with F&B making up some 70 per cent of the concepts on offer.  There is also a cinema, children's play area, supermarket, gyms and beauty salons.
Located five kilometres out to sea, The Pointe enjoys cool sea breezes and stunning views. Its 1.5km promenade is a destination in itself for residents and tourists to unwind at one of Dubai's most iconic locations, or snap the perfect holiday pictures against a stunning backdrop.
The Pointe has a car park for 1,600 vehicles, and will have its own Palm Monorail station. There are also plans for boat access from Palm Jumeirah's hotels and resorts.
Source: Albawaba.com 10/06/2018

FAB surrenders license to market non-Omani securities
First Abu Dhabi Bank (FAB) has received approval from the Capital Market Authority on its request to surrender its license to market non-Omani securities in Oman.
This is in line with FAB’s on-going review of its business strategy across the group and international focus on corporate and investment banking.
In a statement, the bank reaffirmed that it will continue to operate and service its customers in the Sultanate of Oman, and its long-term commitment to supporting Oman’s economy.
Source: CPI Financial 10/06/2018

Gulf Capital plans over $500m investment to boost growth
Abu Dhabi: Gulf Capital plans to invest over $500 million (Dh1.8 billion) over the next two years in some key markets as part of its investment strategy, its chief executive officer told Gulf News in an interview.
The Abu Dhabi based firm plans to invest $350 million in private equity and $150 million in private debt, with a focus on key markets like Egypt, UAE and Saudi Arabia.
“We have a lot of dry powder left. We will be investing in the next two years, over $350 million in private equity and $150 million on the private debt. We are looking at over $500 million across the region to boost our growth,” Karim Al Solh said.
The company would be focusing on sectors like consumers, technology, renewable energy, business services, entertainment and tourism.
Earlier in May, Gulf Capital acquired a strategic stake in fintech firm Saudi Geidea, which is the largest electronic payment solution provider in Saudi Arabia for 1 billion Saudi riyals (Dh978.1 million).
Gulf Capital plans over $500m investment to boost growth
The Abu Dhabi based firm to focus on key markets in the region
Abu Dhabi: Gulf Capital plans to invest over $500 million (Dh1.8 billion) over the next two years in some key markets as part of its investment strategy, its chief executive officer told Gulf News in an interview.
The Abu Dhabi based firm plans to invest $350 million in private equity and $150 million in private debt, with a focus on key markets like Egypt, UAE and Saudi Arabia.
“We have a lot of dry powder left. We will be investing in the next two years, over $350 million in private equity and $150 million on the private debt. We are looking at over $500 million across the region to boost our growth,” Karim Al Solh said.
The company would be focusing on sectors like consumers, technology, renewable energy, business services, entertainment and tourism.
Earlier in May, Gulf Capital acquired a strategic stake in fintech firm Saudi Geidea, which is the largest electronic payment solution provider in Saudi Arabia for 1 billion Saudi riyals (Dh978.1 million).
The company has done a total of twelve transactions in the last fifteen months and is in discussions on several more deals which could materialise in the coming months.
“People say things are slow in the region but we are seeing a pickup in 2018. We are seeing more deal flow, better quality deal flow and we are seeing control in stakes at lower valuations.”
El Solh said the company plans deals in countries within a three to three and half-hour travel periphery from their portfolio companies that includes the Gulf, Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon. It is also looking at sub-Saharan Africa on the private debt side.
Speaking on Saudi Arabia, he said the country is taking the right measures to attract investments by liberalising the economy and opening up to foreign investments.
“Vision 2030 is in the right direction, they are launching new industries and are making things happen. It is very exciting for an investment firm like us. We are seeing more opportunities in Saudi than before.”
Source: Gulf News 09/06/2018

Aldar Properties sells 50% of Nareel Island's plots
It is expected to complete delivering the first phase of the island's villas within the coming 2 yrs
Aldar Properties ALDAR 1.47% 2.07 0.03
Abu Dhabi – Mubasher: Aldar Properties announced selling more than 50% of Nareel Island's land plots located in Abu Dhabi.
Purchasers started receiving their land plots in the island a month ago, Maan Al Awlaqi, executive director of commercial operations at Aldar Properties, said.
It is expected to complete delivering the first phase of the island's villas within the coming two years, Al Awlaqi added.
The island comprises 161 land plots with a total area of 351,000 square metres, the Abu Dhabi-based property development company noted. More than 50% of these plots have been sold at a price starting from AED 5.6 million.
It is worth noting that the real estate developer has completed the plots' infrastructure.
Source: Mubasher 06/06/2018

Dubai opens region's first movie-themed hotel designed by BSBG 
Majid Al Futtaim and Marriott International on Wednesday announced the opening of Aloft City Centre Deira, the Aloft brand's third property in Dubai. 
Owned and developed by retail giant Majid Al Futtaim and designed by Dubai-based architecture firm BSBG, Aloft City Centre Deira is the first hotel in the region to offer movie-themed suites, alongside a VOX Cinemas outdoor screen.
According to Arabian Business, Jalil Mekouar, CEO of Hotels at Majid Al Futtaim – Properties said, "I'm delighted to announce the opening of the Aloft City Centre Deira, which is our 13th hotel in the region. This is a milestone moment for Majid Al Futtaim as we integrate our VOX Cinemas brand into one of our hotels for the first time. 
"This concept will provide a completely new offering within Dubai's hospitality sector and will see us create even more authentic and personalised experiences that will delight guests in our home market." 
Directly connected to City Centre Deira, Aloft features 304 loft-inspired rooms and suites – including four cinema-themed suites where movie lovers will be instantly transported to the magical world of films. 
Suite themes include Bollywood, Hollywood, Agent House and a specially created Dubai superhero suite. 
"Aloft continues to redefine the traditional hotel experience in the region and we are delighted to introduce the brand's newest addition in the cultural heart of Dubai," said Alex Kyriakidis, president and managing director, Middle East and Africa, Marriott International. 
"Aloft City Centre Deira brings a new experience to Deira by delivering an urban-inspired gathering place for tech-savvy Next Gen travelers and local residents." 
Aloft City Centre Deira also brings six dining concepts such as Han Shi Fu - a modern Chinese and Asian fusion gastropub, The Canteen, W XYZ® Bar & Lounge, Re:fuel by AloftSM, and the Re:mixSM Lounge. 
Sammy Gani, general manager, Aloft City Centre Deira, said, "With this being the first hotel to offer movie themed suites, along with an outdoor licensed cinema in partnership with VOX Cinemas and the Aloft brand's signature music programming, we're looking forward to bring a fresh new vibe to this side of Dubai." 
Aloft City Centre Deira marks the fourth hotel collaboration between Majid Al Futtaim and Marriott International, following behind Sheraton Dubai Mall of the Emirates, Le Meridien City Centre Bahrain, and Westin City Centre Bahrain and is Majid Al Futtaim's 13th hotel in its portfolio. 2018 ITP Business Publishing Ltd.
Source: DesignMENA.com 06/06/2018

Fujifilm completes acquisition of Irvine Scientific Sales Company and IS Japan
FUJIFILM Corporation (President: Kenji Sukeno) announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Irvine Scientific Sales Company, Inc. (ISUS) and IS JAPAN CO.,LTD. (ISJ), leading companies in cell culture media for about US$800 million on June 1 in the United States.
To advance its growth strategies in the healthcare area, Fujifilm continues to invest in contract development and manufacturing of biopharmaceuticals and regenerative medicine. At FUJIFILM Diosynth Biotechnologies (FDB), manufacturing capacity for antibody drugs has been increased. FUJIFILM Cellular Dynamics (FCDI), a world-class developer and manufacturer of iPS cell technologies and know-how, is now a wholly owned subsidiary, and to enter the cell culture media business, Fujifilm acquired FUJIFILM Wako Pure Chemical, a leading reagent manufacturer. With the acquisition of ISUS and ISJ, Fujifilm will now be able to provide a broad product portfolio from biopharmaceuticals to in vitro fertilization and cell therapy, strengthening its global business in addition to expanding domestic business through strong sales network in Japan. Utilizing its advanced chemical synthesis and design capabilities cultivated in the photographic film business and the cell preparation and culturing technologies of its group companies such as Japan Tissue Engineering, FCDI and FDB, Fujifilm will accelerate the development of highly competitive cell culture media, supporting the further growth of its cell culture media business. Further, by combining the Fujifilm Group's bio-medical-related technologies and products with the cell culture media technologies and products of ISUS and ISJ, the company will expand the contact development and manufacturing business for biopharmaceuticals and reagent business, and also accelerate research and development in the area of regenerative medicine.
Source: Business Wire 05/06/2018

Mizuho Bank Ltd. invests $48.84 million in Health Care SPDR
Mizuho Bank Ltd. bought a new stake in Health Care SPDR (NYSEARCA:XLV) in the 1st quarter, according to the company in its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor bought 600,000 shares of the exchange traded fund's stock, valued at approximately $48,840,000. Health Care SPDR makes up 3.9% of Mizuho Bank Ltd.'s holdings, making the stock its 12th largest position. Mizuho Bank Ltd. owned 0.33% of Health Care SPDR at the end of the most recent reporting period.
Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of XLV. Coyle Financial Counsel LLC acquired a new stake in Health Care SPDR during the 1st quarter worth $103,000. SeaCrest Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Health Care SPDR during the 4th quarter worth $116,000. Crewe Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Health Care SPDR during the 4th quarter worth $131,000. Ford Financial Group Inc. acquired a new stake in Health Care SPDR during the 4th quarter worth $149,000. Finally, Delek Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in Health Care SPDR during the 4th quarter worth $149,000.
Shares of NYSEARCA:XLV opened at $83.36 on Monday. Health Care SPDR has a 1-year low of $76.79 and a 1-year high of $91.79.
About Health Care SPDR
Health Care Select Sector SPDR Fund (the Fund) seeks to closely match the returns and characteristics of the S&P Health Care Select Sector Index (the Index). The companies included in the Index are selected on the basis of general industry classification from a universe of companies defined by the Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Stock Index (S&P 500).
Source: American Banking and Market News 04/05/2018

Sumitomo Chemical to begin operations of newly established Chemistry Research Center
Sumitomo Chemical has announced today that, starting June 1, it will begin the operations of its Chemistry Research Center ('CRC'), a synthesis research building newly built on the premises of its Health Crop Sciences Research Laboratory in Takarazuka, Hyogo Prefecture, Japan.
The CRC is intended to serve as Sumitomo Chemical's new global RD base principally for discovery and innovation of crop protection chemicals and household public hygiene insecticides. The CRC building was completed in April 2018 and has been in preparation for the start of its operation. The CRC features an advanced space design to create an inspiring environment where researchers can actively communicate with each other and generate innovative ideas. In addition, the Company intends to further accelerate new compound invention and new product development by consolidating into the CRC the Company's organic synthesis research functions within Japan, from discovery research for novel compounds to production process research, which have independently be located inside and outside the Takarazuka area. Sumitomo Chemical positions the field of life science as one of its key business domains, for which high growth is expected in the future. The Company's Health Crop Sciences Sector is operating business globally, supported, among others, by its highly advanced RD capabilities, and the establishment of the CRC is another important step forward following the Company's recent initiatives of expanding its RD capabilities in Brazil and the United States. By strengthening the business foundation through these efforts, Sumitomo Chemical will work vigorously to generate innovative products and technologies, hoping to make continued contribution to offering solutions to a variety of social agenda, such as global food supply, health and sanitation, and environmental problems.
Source: ENP Newswire 01/06/2018  

Toshiba Memory Corporation and Synopsys collaborate to accelerate 3D Flash Memory Verification
Synopsys, Inc., announced that it has collaborated with Toshiba Memory Corporation to accelerate the verification of Toshiba Memory Corporation's BiCS FLASH vertically stacked three-dimensional (3D) flash memory. By working closely with Toshiba Memory Corporation, Synopsys introduced innovative simulation algorithms in its FineSim Pro FastSPICE tool to address the increased design complexity of 3D NAND Flash memory. These new technologies improve simulation speed by an average of 2X, thereby reducing multi-day simulation runs to less than a day.
Compared to traditional Flash devices, 3D Flash devices have much larger memory arrays, more complex analog and programming circuits, and extensive power distribution network. Additionally, due to the stacked memory array structure, 3D Flash designs must deal with increased coupling effects due to layout parasitic elements. This increased complexity results in multi-day simulation times when using existing circuit simulation technology. Through close collaboration with Toshiba Memory Corporation, the latest release of FineSim Pro FastSPICE delivers several key technologies specifically optimized for 3D Flash simulation, for efficient handling of massive array structures, large power distribution network, increased layout parasitic elements, and high-precision analog circuits.
"FineSim has been our signoff circuit simulator since early 2000. Our long collaboration with Synopsys has enabled us to develop best-in-class Flash memory products for a broad range of applications," said Shigeo (Jeff) Ohshima, Technology Executive SSD Application Engineering of Toshiba Memory Corporation. "By working closely with Synopsys we're able to deploy FineSim Pro for verification of our latest BiCS Flash memories and meet our stringent quality and reliability requirements."
"Advanced flash memory designs require extensive circuit simulation to ensure design robustness, reliability, and cost competitiveness," said Paul Lo, corporate vice president of Engineering in the Design Group at Synopsys. "Our team is committed to continuing our close collaboration with Toshiba Memory Corporation to deliver novel circuit simulation technologies to meet the challenging needs of simulating complex 3D NAND Flash memories and enable Super Chips with Synopsys."
Source: TendersInfo 02/06/2018  

Saudi ACWA Power prepares to run 2 Solar Plants in Moroccan Ouarzazate
Saudi Arabia`s ACWA Power Group is putting the finishing touches on the second and fourth stations of the giant Noor Ouarzazate Solar Power Complex before they are officially run in the coming days.
When these two plants become officially operational, ACWA Power will have completed 74 percent of the world`s largest solar park.
As part of the celebrations of the completion of the two new stations, a visit to the Noor Ouarzazate site will be organized for the participants of the Regional Solar Forum in North Africa and the Middle East.
It will be held in Marrakech from June 25 to 28 with the participation of figures from the Arab region, Europe, United States and Asia.
The Ouarzazate complex is set to develop into a 500MW solar park that incorporates several utility-scale solar power plants using various solar technologies.
Phase one of the project involved the construction of a 160MW concentrated solar power (CSP) plant named Noor I in 2015, while phase two involves the construction of the 200MW Noor II CSP plant and the 150MW Noor III CSP plant. Phase three will involve the construction of the Noor IV CSP plant.
Phase one construction works started in August 2013 and Noor I was officially commissioned in February 2016.
The project is being developed on a build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) basis by ACWA Power Ouarzazate, a consortium of ACWA Power, the Moroccan Agency for Solar Energy (Masen), Aries and TSK.
Morocco has launched a series of large projects in different parts of the country, which rely on the exploitation of solar and wind energy in the production of electricity. 2018 Global Data Point.
Source: Asharq Alawsat (English) 04/06/2018

UN opens Technology Bank in Turkey
The UN Technology Bank dedicated to least developed countries was launched in TUBITAK Marmara Teknokent in Gebze in northwestern Kocaeli province on Monday.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Science, Industry and Technology Minister Faruk Ozlu termed the launch of the technology bank as an important and historic milestone in terms of global efforts to strengthen capacities in science, technology and innovation of 47 least developed countries.
"This project is one of the most beautiful manifestations of our country's entrepreneurial and humanitarian foreign policy approach," Ozlu said.
In May 2011, the Istanbul Program of Action under the fourth UN Conference on Least Developed Countries had called for the establishment of a technology bank.
The long-standing priority was confirmed in the 2015 Addis Ababa Action Agenda on financing for development.
On Dec. 23, 2016, the UN General Assembly adopted resolution on the establishment of the bank in Turkey.
Ozlu added that related agreements were signed in the 72nd UN General Assembly last year, and necessary steps were quickly taken to implement this project in cooperation with Turkey and the UN.
"The establishment of the technology bank has realized the sustainable development goal target of 17.8 within the 2030 agenda for sustainable development," he said.
He said Turkey's financing was through voluntary contributions to the bank, starting from 2017 with $2 million commitment each year for a five-year period; Turkey has also assumed administrative costs as a host country.
Deputy Secretary General Fekitamoeloa Katoa Utoikamanu said: "The mission of the technology bank is to improve the capacity of science and knowledge in 47 least developed countries of the world, to promote the development of national and regional innovation ecosystems, to attract foreign technology and at the same time to increase the countries' own research, development and innovation capacities."
He added the UN office along with the Turkish government was pleased to close the gap of the poorest countries of the world through the technology bank.
Reporting by Sahin Oktay:Writing by Jeyhun Aliyev
Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options.
Source: Anadolu Agency 04/06/2018

Turkeys MNG Jet selects Honeywell GoDirect
Honeywell has been selected by Istanbul-based MNG Jet to supply its GoDirect Datalink and Cabin services to the companys growing fleet.
The agreement will see MNG Jet upgrade its aircraft by including connected services that will improve cockpit communication, enhance flight efficiency and provide reliable high-speed Wi-Fi to the cabin.
Can Sasmaz, General Manager, MNG Jet, said: MNG Jet is the leading business jet operator and maintenance organisation in Turkey and Central Asia, and we take pride in ensuring our fleet of aircraft operates at optimum levels of efficiency and safety with an enhanced flight experience for our clients and customers.
Honeywells GoDirect Datalink and Cabin services will support us in improving our aircraft through cost-efficient connected aircraft services, which have the further benefit of flexible terms of use.
Honeywell GoDirect Datalink helps reduce a pilots workload by enabling seamless cockpit communications, like text messaging with air traffic control, using the robust two-way Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System (ACARS), which is compatible with all VHF and satellite networks across the globe.
In addition, GoDirect Cabin offers a comprehensive suite of satellite communication services, including dedicated access to GoDirect apps and all the benefits brought by reliable high-speed internet, thanks to its next-generation routers and routing software.
John Peterson, Senior Director, Connectivity Services, Honeywell Aerospace, said: Weve worked closely with MNG Jet for several years as an authorised Honeywell Service Center, Channel Partner and Fleet Operator to provide a modernised aircraft experience.
The latest selection of Honeywells GoDirect Datalink and Cabin services further enhance its fleet by keeping them better connected.
Honeywells GoDirect Cabin provides the tools needed by operators to expand the in-flight experience for their passengers, while its Datalink offers pilots a dependable connected communication tool.
Honeywell GoDirect Cabin has extended the benefits of its routing software, making it compatible with older routers through an exclusive refresh programme.
As such, Honeywell says operators will benefit from a highly innovative user experience and ease of control through the entire chain, from aircraft satellite communications to ground networks, without changing any of the aircraft hardware. 2018 Global Data Point.
Source: ICT Monitor Worldwide 30/05/2018

Coca-Cola Co's Africa distributor to invest $100 million in Kenya over next five years
NAIROBI (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Beverages Africa (CCBA), the continent's largest soft drinks bottler, said on Wednesday it would invest $100 million in Kenya over the next five years to improve infrastructure and launch new products.
The company, which sells and distributes Coca-Cola Co products in Africa, plans to introduce 50 new products in Kenya to add to more than 130 existing ones in the country, local Managing Director Daryl Wilson said in an interview.
"As the middle class is (growing)... they are wanting more variety," he said, adding the new offerings would include various sugar-free and flavoured water beverages.
"Kenyan tastes are growing, the need for new brands is growing," he said.
This month, the company launched a 7 billion Kenyan Shilling ($69 million) new juice line at its Nairobi plant. It operates four bottling plants in Kenya.
CCBA's distribution system includes 300 official distributors reaching across the country of 45 million people.
The company operates in a dozen sub-Saharan African countries including Ethiopia and South Africa.
Kenya is second in terms of profits to Ethiopia, Wilson said, where the company has plans to open at least four or five factories in the next five years.
While Kenya's economy offers a conducive business environment, bad rural roads take a toll on vehicles distributing products, Wilson said.
Another challenge is electricity, where inconsistent availability of power in some of its plants has forced it to deploy generators, which are expensive.
Wilson urged the government to "look at opportunities to reduce (the cost of) electricity, because it's a big component of ours."
Source: Business Standard India 30/05/2018

HP Collaborates with Coca-Cola to Reinvent Relations
With the aim to provide unique experiences and enhance personal engagement with consumers, HP Inc. has collaborated with Coca-Cola to bring the famous 'Share a Coke' campaign to India.
The initiative aims to give people the opportunity to celebrate relationships that have evolved over the years and reignite them by creating a moment of happiness that comes from sharing a Coke. Share a Coke campaign is being technologically supported by HP Indigo digital printing.
In line with the initiative's principal idea 'Har Rishta Bola, Mere Naam Ki Coca-Cola,' Coke cans and bottles are now available with 20 special relationships printed on them, including Bae, Bro, Dude, BFF, Dad, Mom, Daughter, etc. Labels have been created in 12 languages, which are English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Bengali, Malayalam, Oriya, Assamese, Gujarati, Punjabi and Marathi.
Each relationship is accompanied by an exciting descriptor, such as Grandad (Old School. Yet Cool), Grandma (Scolds me. Spoils me), Daddy (My teacher. My friend), Mom (Above the rest. Simply the best) Son (My devil. My angel), Sis (Supermodel. Super role model), Bro (Troublemaker. Merrymaker), Boss (Pushes me. Promotes me) and nicknames including BFF (Laughs with me. Cries with me), Bae (Bugs me. Hugs me). A total of 11 crore labels will be printed digitally using HP Indigo 20000 digital press on PET bottles through the machine installed at Huhtamaki, an HP customer based in Mumbai.
The HP Indigo 20000 Digital Press thrives in the most demanding converting environments to deliver the highest quality for the world's leading brands. You can deliver high-performance applications with immediate time to market. HP Indigo 20000 is best in the class digital press for doing these kinds of print jobs with a lot of new innovations.
The HP Indigo 20000 Digital Press is a market-proven, 762 mm mid-web solution with an image format, speed and imposition capability that make it a highly productive and cost-effective digital labels and flexible packaging solution.
Source: DQ Channels India 25/05/2018

Coca-Cola eyes U.S. $12 million fruit factory in Uganda
American multinational beverage corporation, the Coca-Cola Company will be relieved to hear that the highly awaited fruit factory in Uganda will commence operations soon. The $12 million rated fruit factory has not operated since its construction began back in 2015, suffering a heavy setback to the key players and the farmers who had anticipated for its operations.
Coca-Cola had eyed its services a year later after its set-up but has been discouraged since its operations had not kicked off. The manufacturer had opted to import some concentrates from Uganda's neighboring state, Kenya to support their production. It simply broke the business opportunity for Uganda which could have heavily supported the government with some hefty revenues.
President John Magufuli is set though to commission the processing plant that should be operational in few months time. The President is expected to commission the facility in August after which the plant will be eligible to carry out its services. The factory should undertake commercial production at first, aiming to serve the hungry market.
Farmers have been picked out to supply the factory with the fruits to keep a smooth flow of the business schedule. It will be a great chance for the farmers to elevate their economic lifestyle. With the revenue generated from the sale of their fruits to the factory, it would be some help to continue with their commercial farming. It poses an opportunity for development in the country's economy as a whole with job opportunities to the citizens as well.
Coca-Cola is a well-known company whose print in the country would be an ideal picture for great investors looking to pitch up in the country. The factory would be an ideal investment for the retailer who has experienced a series of success in different parts of the globe.
It will be a great marketing strategy to the existing market fending off potential competitors for the multi-million facility. Key players are optimistic the facility will benefit the country and meet their interests at large.
Source: The Exchange 23/05/2018

Fujifilm signs distribution agreement with Major Russian Pharmaceutical Company R-PHARM for Medical Devices and Dietary Supplements in Russia
Fujifilm issued the following news release:
FUJIFILM Corporation (President: Kenji Sukeno) signed a distribution agreement today with a major Russian pharmaceutical company JSC "R-Pharm" (Chairman of the Board: Alexey Repik, "R-Pharm") for the distribution of Fujifilm's medical devices in Russia. The company also signed an agreement with the parent company of R-Pharm, LLC "R-PHARM HOLDING" (Representative: Alexey Repik, "R-Pharm Holding") for the distribution of Fujifilm's dietary supplements in Russia.
Through R-Pharm, which has a direct sales network in the vast Russian market and a strong relationship with major medical institutions, Fujifilm will begin sales of its X-ray diagnostic imaging devices and endoscopes this summer, further strengthening its medical device business in Russia. Starting this winter, Fujifilm will also begin selling its dietary supplements through R-Pharm Holding. The supplements include those designed for the purpose of preventing lifestyle diseases.
Russia has a population of approximately 140 million with an average life span of 72 years. The Russian government considers the enhancement and advancement of healthcare services to be an urgent issue in order to ensure that the people of Russia live long and healthy lives, as well as to maintain and expand the working-age population. The size of the Russian pharmaceutical and medical device market is currently approximately four trillion yen, approximately 1/3 the size of Japan, and is expected to see rapid growth in the coming years. There has also been a heightened interest in dietary supplements for the prevention of lifestyle-related diseases in Russia due to concerns about health risks caused by obesity.
This distribution contract is a part of the comprehensive business cooperation agreed upon by Fujifilm and R-Pharm mainly in the area of healthcare in December 2016. Fujifilm has been selling its medical devices including X-ray diagnostic imaging devices in Russia, mainly in urban areas. Fujifilm will leverage R-Pharm's network as a pharmaceutical company to distribute through the vast region of Russia. Fujifilm will supply its medical devices such as X-ray diagnostic imaging devices and endoscopes to R-Pharm. R-Pharm will import these products to Russia and conduct marketing, sales and service activities for these products in Russia.
With regards to dietary supplements, Fujifilm will conduct marketing and sales activities through R-Pharm group. Fujifilm will leverage the recognition that the R-Pharm Group has gained in Russia's healthcare industry as well as the Group's distribution channels including drugstores and pharmacies that it has cultivated through its pharmaceutical business.
Fujifilm will continue to accelerate its business in Russia in various areas with a focus on healthcare and will work to contribute to the resolution of issues in the healthcare area in Russia.
Source: Targeted News Service 25/05/2018

Fujitsu develops Network Control Technology to minimize impact of Cyberattacks on IoT Devices
Fujitsu Laboratories Ltd. today announced the development of network control technology that can securely operate IoT devices installed on-site.
Sensors, manufacturing equipment, and other IoT devices connected to networks in on-site environments such as factories lack the capability for authentication or virus checking, leaving them open to malware attacks that result in stoppages in factory operations. This is a global problem, and existing anti-virus software often cannot be installed in IoT devices due to CPU and memory capacity restrictions, and many existing devices are exposed to threats from cyberattacks.
Fujitsu Laboratories has now developed technology that analyzes and manages the interconnectivity between IoT devices and network devices, based on operating information collected in gateways, responding to successive changes in network structure to identify the communications of IoT devices behaving suspiciously. In addition, Fujitsu Laboratories developed technology to efficiently control communication blocks. If an IoT device infected with malware were to attack other devices, for example, these technologies could detect that communication by comparing ordinary communication routes, based on the relationships of connections recorded in the gateways, with the actual communication routes. Moreover, by restricting the most appropriate network device managed by the gateway, the impact of the cyberattack can be minimized.
Fujitsu Laboratories aims to commercialize these technologies during fiscal 2018 as part of the gateway functionality of the Fujitsu Network Virtuora series of network products, offered by Fujitsu Limited.
Development Background
Recent years have seen an increasing degree of IoT adoption in a variety of industrial fields, and as IoT devices, such as sensors and manufacturing equipment, have been connected to the network, cases of these IoT devices being damaged by malware attacks have occurred worldwide. This has created an urgent need for security countermeasures for IoT devices.
In many cases, however, IoT devices do not support anti-virus software due to CPU, memory, or OS restrictions, and even if anti-virus software is deployed, often software updates that require the device to be rebooted are not executed as the IoT device cannot be stopped while in operation. Due to these factors, the current situation is that many IoT devices are operating with insufficient security measures.
Issues
In light of these problems, various consortiums and network device vendors have proposed measures using gateways to separate the network the IoT devices are connected to from the networks ordinary devices, such as PCs and servers, are connected to. This means that the gateway can protect the devices from cyberattacks from outside networks, but because cyberattacks can be conducted without going through the gateway if a devices infected with malware is connected inside the network the IoT devices are connected to, it was not possible to protect them from cyberattacks from infected devices.
About the Newly Developed Technology
Now, Fujitsu Laboratories has developed technology that can collect operating information about IoT devices and network devices from gateway devices, deduce the topology(1) of the network the IoT devices are connected to, and appropriately control the network devices based on this information. With this technology, IoT devices communicating along routes not accounted for in the topology can be treated as unauthorized devices, enabling the technology to minimize the impact of cyberattacks by making those IoT devices unable to communicate with other IoT devices.
Features of the Newly Developed Technology
Topology management technology supporting devices with a variety of interfaces
This technology collects information from IoT devices and network devices about adjacent devices in a variety of formats, and then deduces the topology of the entire IoT network as it changes in real time. Because the different devices use a variety of interfaces having respective communication methods and data formats, this topology deduction is enabled by converting them all to a standardized interface in the gateway. With this technology, when IoT devices request an authorized communication route, the technology can collect the actual communication route from the network devices, discovering both unauthorized communications generated by cyberattacks and other issues, as well as the suspicious IoT devices that caused them, by comparing the authorized route with the actual route.
Network control technology that blocks communications from suspicious devices
Gateways can block communications between suspicious devices and other devices by controlling the network devices along the route using topology information. Because some devices use wireless, rather than wired connections, it is essential to control the appropriate network device, in a situation where communication pathways change moment to moment, and sometimes communications stop altogether. With this technology, it is possible to block communications by suspicious devices while minimizing the impact on communications of ordinary devices by selecting network devices while taking into consideration changes in topology and device status, and controlling those network devices per the connected device or a group of devices.
Effects
In a simulation using fake malware, Fujitsu Laboratories operated gateways equipped with this technology in coordination with existing network devices, and confirmed that this technology could block communications from suspicious devices. The results showed that this technology could minimize the impact of cyberattacks when installed in gateways.
With this technology, it will be possible to provide secure operations using existing setups, without exchanging or deploying new IoT devices with security countermeasures in sites such as factories, which require the continued operation of production equipment with long service lifespans.
Future Plans
Fujitsu Laboratories aims to commercialize this technology during fiscal 2018 as a gateway feature in the Fujitsu Network Virtuora series of network products. In addition, it will continue to develop the technology, not just for the manufacturing industry, such as factories, but with a view toward expansion into a variety of industrial areas that require safe and secure management of IoT system operations.
Topology
The connection structure and profile, including specification information, for IoT devices and network devices
About Fujitsu
Fujitsu is the leading Japanese information and communication technology (ICT) company, offering a full range of technology products, solutions, and services. Approximately 140,000 Fujitsu people support customers in more than 100 countries. We use our experience and the power of ICT to shape the future of society with our customers. Fujitsu Limited (TSE: 6702) reported consolidated revenues of 4.1 trillion yen (US $ 39 billion) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018.
Source: ENP Newswire 30/05/2018

Juniper Partners with Fujitsu to Deploy AppFormix in Japan
Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR - Free Report)  recently announced that Fujitsu Limited has deployed its cloud management platform — AppFormix, in Japan.
The move forms a key part in ensuring operational efficiency of the new region of Fujitsu’s enterprise cloud platform, Cloud Service K5, the world’s largest open-source based platform.
AppFormix provides end-to-end visibility into multicloud environment to eliminate any potential issues and thereby makes operations simpler and more effective. It provides comprehensive visualization and smart-monitoring features to detect issues and automatically manage remedial actions based on predefined business outcomes. It transforms raw data from a diverse set of resources into a format that can be used immediately, through monitoring and intent-based analytics.
Since Fujitsu prepared for the launch of the new region of K5, it required a cloud operations management solution that could address the operational requirements as well as bring significantly increased capabilities. This is where Juniper came into play and was selected to develop and deploy AppFormix for Fujitsu’s K5 platform.
AppFormix is a crucial component of the K5 platform especially for the understanding of real-time cloud usage status through its intelligent dashboards and seamless integration with billing systems. The platform addresses the growing operational needs, offering simplified cloud operations management and performance optimization capabilities through Big Data analysis and machine learning.
Furthermore, AppFormix’s unique user-friendly GUI dashboard, displaying real-time reporting and high-level compatibility with OpenStack, has allowed Fujitsu to better plan resource consumption and capacity expansion.
Leveraging the operating system, Juniper has introduced several products and enhancements over the past few years. We consider this to be a real differentiator, which gives Juniper a competitive advantage. The company offers a Software Development Kit to its partners and customers to allow additional customization.
Juniper is likely to benefit from the higher spending pattern among carriers to upgrade their networks to support the incremental growth in data traffic. We believe the company’s new products will be able to meet the escalating needs and thereby find easy acceptance among customers.
Over the past three months, shares of Juniper have outperformed the industry with an average return of 3.3% against a decline of 0.6% for the latter
Source: Zacks Investment Research 22/05/2018

Honda Aircraft company expands sales to the Middle East
Honda Aircraft Companyannounced today that it has expanded sales of the HondaJet to the Middle East with the appointment of Jetex Flight Support as an authorized sales representative based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Honda Aircraft made the announcement at Palexpo during the 2018 European Business Aviation Convention and Exhibition (EBACE) in Geneva, Switzerland, where the HondaJet Elite is making its world debut. Jetex will represent Honda Aircraft's sales in the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Oman, Qatar, Lebanon, Pakistan, Jordan, Turkey and Kuwait.
"With Honda's brand strength and recognition in the Middle East, we have received tremendous interest in the HondaJet Elite. We are proud to appoint Jetex Flight Support as HondaJet Middle East to provide our customers with a committed sales team in the region for the world's most advanced very light jet," said Honda Aircraft President and CEO Michimasa Fujino.
"We are proud to be chosen by Honda Aircraft Company and excited to add this new service," said Adel Mardini, CEO and President of Jetex. "Jetex will leverage our global network and our experience as an FBO operator to offer unrivaled sales and support for HondaJet Elite in the region."
Honda Aircraft has established a worldwide dealer and authorized sales network to provide unsurpassed service and support for their customers. The authorized network spans territories in North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia. The HondaJet Elite is type certified by the United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA). The aircraft has inherited the aeronautical breakthroughs developed by Honda Aircraft and is the most efficient, quietest, fastest, furthest and highest-flying aircraft in its category.
For more information, visit hondajetelite.com
About HondaJet Elite
The second aircraft from Honda Aircraft Company, the HondaJet Elite is the fastest, furthest and highest-flying plane in its category. The HondaJet Elite incorporates Honda Aircraft's many technological innovations, including the unique Over-The-Wing Engine Mount (OTWEM) configuration, composite fuselage and a Natural Laminar Flow (NLF) fuselage nose and wing. These advancements contribute to the aircraft's superior performance and unparalleled efficiency as well as maximized fuselage space, making the aircraft's cabin the largest in its category with comfortable seating for up to seven passengers, including a pilot, a full service galley, a private lavatory with optional belted seat and an exclusive Bongiovi sound system. Additionally, the HondaJet Elite sets the gold standard in safety and human-machine interface technology with an ergonomically designed cockpit and enhanced customized Garmin G3000 avionics suite. With the HondaJet Elite, Honda Aircraft remains committed to the improvement of lives through personal mobility while living in a sustainable society. The upgraded aircraft remains significantly more fuel efficient than any other aircraft in its category while emitting less greenhouse gases than all other very light business jets. Certified for single pilot operation, the HondaJet Elite continues to live up to the company's reputation for superior performance, efficiency, quality and value.
About Honda Aircraft Company
Honda Aircraft Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of American Honda Motor Co., Inc. Founded in 2006, Honda Aircraft's world headquarters is located in North Carolina, the birthplace of aviation. The challenging spirit upon which Mr. Soichiro Honda founded Honda Motor Co., Ltd. is alive today as Honda Aircraft fulfills one of Honda's longstanding dreams to advance human mobility skyward.
Source: Thai News Service 29/05/2018

Sumitomo Corporation groups makes investment in Arevo
Sumitomo Corporation (Head Office: Chuo-ku, Tokyo; President and Chief Executive Officer: Masayuki Hyodo), through Sumitomo Corporation of Americas (head office: New York, the United States; Representative: Shingo Ueno; hereinafter 'SCOA'), is pleased to announce its investment in Arevo, Inc. (AREVO), a innovative manufacturers of 3D printed carbon fiber composite parts.
AREVO, the leader in software-controlled additive manufacturing technology, today introduced a new CEO and a $ 12.5 million Series B financing round to usher in the next era of 3D printing and transform the way manufactured products are conceived, designed, built, and maintained. With its unique combination of software, robotics, and materials, AREVO provides designers and manufacturers with unprecedented freedom to unlock the unparalleled strength, weight and economics of composite materials for a wide range of consumer and industrial products.
New CEO Jim Miller oversaw Amazon's expansion from books, music and video to full-range fulfillment capabilities as vice president of supply chain, ushering in its meteoric rise to $ 6 billion in annual revenue and building the foundation for the company that it is today. Later, as vice president of worldwide operations at Google, he led the team that planned, built, deployed and operated the infrastructure that powers Google: search, YouTube, Gmail, advertising and cloud businesses.
Miller's appointment coincides with the close of $ 12.5 million in Series B financing led by Asahi Glass, with Sumitomo Corporation of Americas, Leslie Ventures and Khosla Ventures. The new financing will help the company build on its groundbreaking RD success and focus on the full-scale commercialization of its technology across a diverse set of industries such as aerospace, defense, transportation, automotive, consumer electronics, sporting goods, medical, and oil and gas.
'AREVO is at an exciting inflection point in its business right now,' said Jim Miller, CEO of AREVO. 'We have the technology, team and tools to commercialize our software and fabrication process to build high strength parts that the manufacturing industry hasn't been able to conceive and construct before.'
AREVO has created a new paradigm for manufacturing by combining dynamic software, automation and robotics, and patented materials science to reimagine how products are created, from ideation to execution. Innovative partners building for mass markets will be able to leverage AREVO's software and robotic printing process to create and scale lightweight products of superior strength and unlimited size.
To demonstrate its software and robotics at work, AREVO partnered with Studio West to create the world's first true 3D-printed commuter bike. A reimagined form factor removed a seat stay between the seat and back wheel, adding strength and new simplicity.
Comments on the News
Masatoshi Ueno, AGC Ventures, a corporate venturing arm of Asahi Glass, said, 'We are thrilled by joining AREVO's journey as an investor and commercialization partner. Arevo's technology will enable us to add new business lines on top of current material solutions.'
'AREVO's approach is a significant leap forward as it is truly 3D printing rather than stacked 2D printing, which is what most of us are accustomed to,' said Vinod Khosla of Khosla Ventures. 'AREVO is the company that can finally move 3D printing beyond novelty applications and into a mainstream manufacturing necessity with its unique nexus of software, robotics, and composite materials.'
'We are excited to be partnering with AREVO, a company truly leading the industry of 3D printing technology for carbon fiber parts,' said Tak Niki, General Manager of Sumitomo Corporation of Americas' Silicon Valley office. 'We see great opportunity in the future as AREVO's technology is leveraged to reduce cycle time and cost within various industries. We look forward to helping to grow their company as well as applying their logic to several of our existing businesses.'
About AREVO
AREVO, based in Silicon Valley, California, develops technology to enable direct digital additive manufacturing of ultra-strong, lightweight composite parts for end use applications in high volume. With our unique combination of breakthrough materials, powerful design/build software, and free motion robotics for the first 'true 3D' construction, AREVO is moving beyond prototypes by enabling the design and fabrication of large, mass-produced parts and structures, quickly leading 3D printing into mainstream manufacturing. AREVO provides designers and manufacturers with unprecedented freedom to unlock the unparalleled strength and weight of composite materials for a wide range of consumer and industrial products, and has seen early success manufacturing CFRTP composite parts for OEM customers.
Sumitomo Corporation's Material Issues
Sumitomo Corporation Group positions 'Six Material Issues to Achieve Sustainable Growth with Society' as an important factor in developing business strategies and in the decision-making process for individual businesses. Going forward, we will pursue sustainable growth by resolving these issues through our business activities. This project especially contributes to 'Contributing to the Development of Local Communities and Industries' 'Establishing a Foundation for Comfortable and Enriching Lifestyles.'
Source: ENP Newswire 23/05/2018  

Boeing and Turkish Technic Announce Global Fleet Care Supplier Agreement
May 28 -- Boeing and Turkish Technic Inc., the maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) arm of Turkish Airlines, announced signing of a Global Fleet Care supplier agreement.
Turkish Technic is now a strategic Boeing supplier for line maintenance, heavy maintenance of airplanes, component service and repair. Boeing and Turkish Technic will collaborate together in the training and certification of technicians from different parts of the world.
"We provide a broad portfolio of MRO services in 50+ International Line Maintenance locations as well as our existing base maintenance facilities in Istanbul and Ankara. In addition to the current services we provide, more will be available to our customers at our brand-new facilities, located Istanbul New Airport as of 29th October 2018. We are so glad to announce such a remarkable collaboration with Boeing today, which will significantly contribute and add value to our business in our new home base. Within the extent of Boeing Global Fleet Care program including aircraft maintenance, repair and training, Boeing operators will be able to experience the world class quality of Turkish Technic's MRO services through this agreement." said Ahmet Karaman, General Manager of Turkish Technic Inc.
Last year, Boeing and the Turkish Government announced the Boeing Turkey National Aerospace Initiative, launched to support the growth of the Turkish aerospace industry, in conjunction with the targets set by Turkey's Vision 2023 that specially designed for the 100th establishment anniversary of the Turkish Republic. The initiative outlines a strategic framework that aligns Boeing investment and programs with the Turkish Government, Turkish airlines, aerospace service companies and industry suppliers in the areas of research, engineering and skills development.
"Turkey is one of the Boeing's top strategic growth countries, and we see strong capability and growth potential in aviation services and maintenance in Turkey," said Marc Allen, President of Boeing International. "Positioning Turkey as a global player in aviation services is one of the key elements of the Boeing Turkey National Aerospace Initiative we announced last year. With this agreement, we are taking our successful collaboration with Turkish Technic one step further in a manner that aligns to the growth of Boeing and Turkey."
Through its Global Services division, Boeing provides technical support to more than 60 customers and over 2,500 airplanes through its Global Fleet Care program. This customizable portfolio offers engineering and planning activities associated with managing the technical performance of the airplane. A power-by-the-hour based offering, Global Fleet Care solutions in the form of Engineering, Materials and Maintenance programs bring inherent efficiency to airline operations.
Source: Contify Aviation News 28/05/2018

Turkey would purchase Russian Su-57 warplanes if US bars sale of F-35 jets
Turkey would likely opt to purchase Russian Sukhoi Su-57 twin-engine warplanes in place of US F-35 single-engine stealth fighter jets if Washington suspends the delivery of the latter in response to Ankara's sale of S-400 anti-aircraft missile systems from Russia.
According to a report published by the Turkish-language Yeni Şafak daily newspaper on Sunday, the unit cost of the Sukhoi Su-57, which is being developed for air superiority and attack operations, is almost half the cost of the F-35.
The report added that the Russian fifth-generation fighter jet can respond to Turkey's national needs much more than F-35 as the latter has to be fully equipped with Turkish software, munitions, radar and avionics before being operated in the Turkish Air Force.
Earlier this week, a US Senate committee passed a defense policy bill, which would effectively bar the delivery of F-35 fighter jets to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) partner Turkey.
The amendment to the $716 billion National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), had been proposed by Democratic Senator from Michigan Jeanne Shaheen and Republican Senator for North Carolina Thom Tillis.
<figure><figcaption>This file picture shows a Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II all-weather stealth multirole fighter jet. </figcaption></figure>
It removed Turkey from the F-35 program over its purchase of S-400 systems as well as imprisonment of Andrew Brunson, a Christian pastor from North Carolina, on spying and terrorism charges.
On April 3, Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin said in the Turkish capital Ankara that they had agreed to expedite the delivery of S-400 missile systems. The delivery is expected to start between late 2019 and early 2020.
Turkey's English-language Hurriyet Daily News newspaper reported on December 29 last year that the loan deal for four S-400 surface-to-air missile batteries had been signed in Ankara.
The developments came only two days after Sergey Viktorovich Chemezov, the Chief Executive Officer of Russian state corporation Rostec, told the Kommersant daily newspaper that Russia would supply Turkey with four batteries of S-400, worth $2.5 billion each, and Moscow was expected to begin the first deliveries in March 2020.
Chemezov added that Turkey would pay 45 percent of the cost of the agreement up front, while Russia would provide loans to cover the remaining 55 percent.
The United States has rortedly warned Turkey against the consequences of its decision to buy S-400 surface-to-air missile batteries from Russia, saying Washington could slap Ankara with sanctions over such a purchase.
An American official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Turkey's plan to buy the Russian S-400 missile system would potentially expose Ankara to a new sanctions law recently passed by Congress, Turkish-language daily Haberturk reported.
On August 2, 2017, US President Donald Trump signed into law the Countering America's Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (CAATSA) that imposed sanctions on Iran, Russia and North Korea.
PressTV-Russia begins S-400 systems production for TurkeyRussia has started the production of S-400 surface-to-air missile defense systems for Turkey.
The S-400 system, whose full name is the Triumf Mobile Multiple Anti-Aircraft Missile System (AAMS), is an advanced Russian missile system designed to detect, track, and destroy planes, drones, or missiles as far as 402 kilometers away. It has previously been sold only to China and India.
Turkey is striving to boost its air defense, particularly after Washington decided in 2015 to withdraw its Patriot surface-to-air missile system from Turkey's border with Syria, a move that weakened Turkey's air defense.
Before gravitating towards Russia, the Turkish military reportedly walked out of a $3.4 billion contract for a similar Chinese system. The withdrawal took place under purported pressure from Washington.
Ankara's ties with its Western allies in NATO have been strained over a range of issues.
Erdogan has been critical of Washington for supporting Kurdish groups in Syria that he says are responsible for terror attacks inside Turkey.
The Turkish leader has also slammed American officials for rejecting his requests to hand over Fethullah Gulen, a powerful opposition figure living in the US.
Source: Press TV 27/05/2018

Georgia: World Bank Group Supports Georgia with New Country Partnership Framework
The World Bank Group Board of Executive Directors today endorsed the 2019-22 Country Partnership Framework (CPF) for Georgia, which aims to support sustainable and inclusive growth and improve living standards in the country.
The new CPF is fully aligned with the government's vision for the country's development, which is driven by the Georgia 2020 program that emphasizes freedom, rapid development, and prosperity through four policy goals-economic reform, education reform, spatial arrangement and infrastructure, and governance.
To support the government in achieving the twin goals of eliminating extreme poverty and promoting shared prosperity, the World Bank Group's CPF envisages support to Georgia across three areas: enhancing inclusive growth and competitiveness, investing in human capital, and building resilience.
We look forward to a Georgia endowed with the human capital that will lift people out of poverty, improve their prosperity, and increase the country's competitiveness and resilience in the next four years, said Mercy Tembon, Regional Director for the South Caucasus. I would like to thank the Government of Georgia for its commitment and steadfastness during the strategic discussions we had to identify the main priorities. I would also like to express our appreciation to the private sector, academia, civil society and other development partners for engaging with us during this process.
Implementation of the program will be maximized by using the comparative strengths of the World Bank Group institutions, notably IBRD, IFC and MIGA, in collaboration with other development partners, as well as with feedback from engagement with citizens.
IFC, with its focus on private sector development, will continue its strong engagement in Georgia. IFC will support the financial sector and sustainable development of clean energy. It will increasingly prioritize operations to promote the expansion of export oriented sectors with high job creation potential, particularly agribusiness and tourism. It will also explore opportunities in new areas such as urban and transport infrastructure, including through public-private partnerships and direct investments.
IFC's advisory work will remain an integral part of its program in Georgia, supporting implementation of last mile investment climate reforms, providing upstream support for the development of competitive sectors, and strengthening the capacity of the financial sector to reach underserved segments, such as MSMEs.
Recent economic reforms have earned Georgia a reputation as a 'star reformer.' However, challenges remain, and our new strategy aims to help the country use its private sector potential to transition from a strong reformer to a high performer, said Jan van Bilsen, IFC Regional Manager for the South Caucasus. Through IFC's investment and advisory work, we aim to boost the productivity of agribusinesses, helping them enter new markets, improve connectivity, and spur crucial sources of financing for businesses.
Building on the strong foundation put in place by the previous Country Partnership Strategy (CPS) for Georgia, the new CPF will work to consolidate gains and move the economy toward addressing next-generation development challenges for sustained and inclusive growth and poverty reduction. To this end, the World Bank Group has committed to allocate approximately US$600-800 million for the period 2019-2022.
Source:  Thai News Service 24/05/2018

Zenit-M space rocket complex facilities to be handed over to JV Baiterek by June 1
The Kazakh-Russian joint venture Baiterek will take over the Zenit-M space rocket complex at the Baikonur Cosmodrome by June 1 this year, Oleg Balitsky, director of JV Baiterek's design bureau, said on Thursday on the margins of the 5th International Exhibition of Weapons and Military Equipment KADEX-2018 in Astana.
"In total, 245 facilities on Sites 42, 43, 45 will be excluded from a lease [agreement}. 182 facilities will be used at the Baiterek complex," he said.
Earlier JV General Director Kuat Mustafinov said that in line with Kazakhstan's approved budget 1.2 billion tenge (326 tenge/$1) was allocated for maintaining the Zenit-M rocket-space complex.
Baiterek is a project aimed at setting up Kazakhstan-owned space rocket complex at Baikonur, from which Russian spaceships would lift off.
The original agreements stipulated the construction of a launchpad for the Angara carrier rocket by Kazakhstan but later the sides decided to use the Zenit rockets with infrastructure already available at Baikonur however Baiterek stalled after the manufacture of Zenits had been discontinued at Dnipropetrovsk-based plant Yuzhmashzavod (in Ukraine).
In 2016, Kazakhstan and Russia agreed on a new version of the Baiterek project using the existing Zenit M space rocket complex and a promising Russian medium-range launch vehicle to be manufactured as part of Russia's Phoenix Design Bureau-led government program.
Under the project the Russian side is responsible for the creation of a new carrier rocket (worth approximately $ 500 million), the Kazakh side is responsible for the construction of the Baiterek space rocket ground complex. In October 2017, Kazakh Defense and Aerospace Industry Defense Minister Marat Nurguzhin said that Kazakhstan's investments in the project will near $280-$310 million (originally estimated at $245 million).
The first launch from Baiterek would take place in 2025. Later the Russian side proposed to speed up the process and start the first launch in 2022 and a manned flight in 2024.
Source: Kazakhstan General Newswire 25/05/2018

ADGM and Kazakhstani financial authority sign cooperation agreement
ABU DHABI, 24th May, 2018 (WAM) -- The Financial Services Regulatory Authority (FSRA) of Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) and the Astana Financial Service Authority of Astana International Financial Centre (AFSA-AIFC) have signed a Memorandum of Understanding on the sidelines of the Annual Conference of the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO), that was recently held in Budapest.
The agreement enables both authorities to further collaborate on joint initiatives and efforts to bolster the growth of financial markets in Abu Dhabi and Kazakhstan.
It establishes a strategic platform for the FSRA and AFSA's teams to share expertise and relevant information financial services legislation, regulation, and regulatory practices in each market and to facilitate cross-border group activities and supervision. The authorities will also look into mutually beneficial projects and activities that develop human capital capabilities and foster greater growth in both of the financial markets.
Philippe Richard, Director of international affairs of FSRA of ADGM, said, "This MoU marks an important development in our on-going engagement and collaboration with Astana International Financial Centre and its Regulatory Authority. Through closer collaboration and exchanging of expertise and experience, the two regulators will be able to support financial institutions seeking cross-border operations via both platforms and jurisdictions." 
Mukhtar Bubeyev, Chief Policy Officer of the AFSA, said, "We are very pleased to strengthen our partnership with the FSRA by signing the MoU. Our legal and regulatory frameworks have many synergies and the ADGM have been supporting our aspirations to establish an international financial centre".
Source: DubaiCityGuide.com 24/05/2018

Turkmenistan preparing new investment projects in energy sector
In accordance with the General plan for the development of the gas industry of Turkmenistan, by the summer of this year, "Turkmengaz" SC plans to prepare feasibility studies of a number of new investment projects, Chairman of the State Concern Myrat Archaev said at the International Gas Congress in Avaza, a source close to the organization of the forum told Trend May 24.
Among those projects, there is reconstruction of a plant for processing of natural gas and production of liquefied gas at the Bagaji field in Lebap velayat (region), on the basis of which it is planned to build a gas chemical complex with a capacity of 80,000 tons of butadiene-styrene rubber and 45,000 tons of polystyrene per year.
In addition, the possibility of construction of a plant for processing of ethane and production of polyvinyl acetate, with a capacity of 55,000 tons per year, at the fields of Central Karakum, located near the gas compressor unit Yilanli in Dashoguz velayat.
The experts of the French Beicip Franlab company, which is a consultant of the "Turkmengaz" State Concern for the construction of gas chemical complexes, noted that, this project is economically profitable and will not require large costs.
Thus, Turkmenistan will not only strengthen its position in the world energy market as the largest energy supplier, but will also qualitatively change the nature of its presence in it by diversifying the commodity structure of energy exports, and by actively developing new forms of international energy business, said the minister of state.
Source: Trend News Agency - Kazakhstan (English) 25/05/2018

Uzbekistan eyes to receive new trade preferences from EU
Uzbekistan intends to receive new trade preferences from the European Union (EU).
These issues were discussed at the talks between Foreign Trade Minister Jamshid Khodjaev and the working group of the Council of the European Union on Eastern Europe and Central Asia in Tashkent on May 23.
The purpose of their visit is to familiarize with the political and socio-economic reforms in Uzbekistan, as well as discuss the prospects for expanding cooperation between Uzbekistan and the European Union in the trade and economic sphere.
"One of the steps to improve the terms of trade with the EU may be to obtain unilateral tariff preferences in the framework of the Generalized System of Preferences (GSP+) by Uzbekistan. Currently, the republic enjoys the basic Generalized System of Preferences (GSP), according to which the country can export 3,000 commodity items without customs duties and 3,200 commodity positions at reduced rates to the EU," Khodzhaev noted
In case of being granted tariff preferences within the framework of GSP+, Uzbekistan will get duty-free access to more than 6,200 commodity items, according to the minister. He also added that Uzbekistan is interested in promoting the practical implementation of the agreement on the bilateral trade in textile products by the EU countries.
Currently, despite the fact that it will soon be year since the entry into force of the Protocol on Amendments to the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement, the customs services of the EU member states continue to create difficulties in the supply of Uzbek textile products. In this connection, the Uzbek side asked to consider the possibility of rendering assistance in bringing the provisions of the Textile Protocol to the employees of customs services and governments of the EU member states.
A well-coordinated logistics system is also one of the important factors in the development of trade relations, Khodzhaev believes. To improve it, he urged EU representatives to step up work on the direction of the development of the TRACECA transport corridor and eliminate its technological shortcomings.
Today, the European Union is one of the most important trade and economic partners of Uzbekistan. As a result of 2017, trade with the EU countries amounted to $2.5 billion, of which $420.7 million fell for export.
Source: Azer News 24/05/2018

Uzbekistan set to develop Islamic Banking System
Uzbekistan is joining the rising number of Central Asian nations to develop a Shariah-compliant banking system given its large Muslim population and rising demand for financial services aligned to Islamic beliefs. This month, the Uzbek government issued a draft resolution to create infrastructure for Islamic banking and finance in the country, as posted on the official government website. The aim is to create alternative financing opportunities in the former Soviet republic, expand the range of banking and financial services and open the doors for Islamic investors from the Middle East and possibly Southeast Asia.
To that end, the central bank has been tasked with developing a legal and regulatory framework not just for Islamic banking, but also for takaful and securities trading, as well as financing for small and medium enterprises and halal microfinance. The government also wants to set up a Shariah-compliant development bank in co-operation with and support from Saudi Arabia-based Islamic Development Bank.
Thus, the framework will include the launch of the Islamic Development Bank of Uzbekistan (IDBU), which will provide standard retail banking services, trade financing, property and commercial real estate financing, as well as leasing, takaful and securities services. It is also tasked with developing more complex financial products, such as structured finance, venture capital, investment funds and risk hedging.
The IDBU will also be enabled to refinance commercial banks in order provide services through Islamic windows for retail and commercial clients. Eventually, the IDBU will also play a role as issuer of sukuk, whether public or corporate.
Uzbekistan has the largest number of Muslims of all Central Asian nations at around 27mn, or 89% of its population. However, the widely secular country has had just small exposure to Islamic finance in the past, and understanding of the principle of Shariah-compliant banking was limited.
There is just one home-grown Islamic banking operation in Uzbekistan through Tashkent-based Hamkor Bank, which launched an Islamic window in 2013. Other initiatives were also established only recently, such as the Islamic Corp for the Development of the Private Sector entering into co-operation with several financial institutions, namely Asia Alliance Bank, Hamkor Bank, KapitalBank, Ipak Yuli Bank, Uzbek Leasing International and JSCB Microkreditbank to provide funding for small and medium enterprises and entrepreneurs in Uzbekistan. However, the country has yet to see the launch of fully-fledged Shariah-compliant banks, ideally with support from foreign financial institutions, for which it needs to provide and enable the respective legislation.
Apart from aligning banking services with the faith of a vast majority of Uzbekistans population, the introduction of Islamic finance in the country will also do away with enormous interest rates currently topped up on conventional loans and mortgages in the local currency, the som, by banks which reach from 14% to 30% annually, depending on the type of loan, in favour of profit-loss sharing Shariah-compliant financing instruments.
Market analysts are positive on the development of Islamic finance not just in Uzebkistan, but in the entire Central Asian region.
The future prospects of Islamic finance in the Central Asian frontier region is driven by the huge need for infrastructure investment, the large Muslim population and low banking penetration rate. The rapid development of Islamic finance there will open the opportunity for Islamic finance to further prosper in the region given the advancement of global financial integration and the natural progression of the Islamic financial industry, a recent study by the Malaysia International Islamic Financial Center concluded. 2018 Global Data Point.
Source: Financial Services Monitor Worldwide 24/05/2018

African Development Bank loans Morocco 200 million to boost agricultural value chains
The Board of Directors of the African Development Bank (AfDB) has approved a EUR 200 million loan to support inclusive and sustainable development of agricultural value chains in Morocco.
This operation will support the creation of jobs in rural areas by developing inclusive value chains that will Increase the sustainability and effectiveness of jobs created through green governance and water resource management. It will also finance the implementation of agriculture, environment, employment and vocational training strategies, the bank said in a press release.
The Support Program for the Inclusive and Sustainable Development of Agricultural Value Chains (PADIDFA) is aligned with three of the Bank`s five strategic priorities: Feed Africa, which will have a catalytic effect on the two others, improve the quality of life for the people of Africa and industrialize Africa.
It is also integral to the Country Strategy Paper 2017-2021 for Morocco where the second pillar focuses on improving living conditions through employment for young people and women living in rural areas, it said.
"Creating employment and, in particular, sustainable and quality employment for rural youth and women, is a strategic priority for the African Development Bank in North Africa", said Mohamed El Azizi, Bank Director General for North Africa Region.
Leila Farah Mokaddem, the Banks country manager for Morocco, pointed out, "This project is an important contribution to the implementation of the Green Morocco Plan. We are moving from a logic of production to one of transformation with greater added value."
During the nearly half-century of partnership between the Kingdom of Morocco and the Bank, more than 160 projects and programs with cumulative financial commitments of nearly US $10 billion have been implemented in the country.
More than 80% of the funding targeted basic infrastructure in energy, water, transport, agriculture and social development.
Source: Financial Services Monitor Worldwide 21/05/2018 

Silatech to secure 415,000 jobs for Moroccan youth by 2020
Silatech has said that it is targeting to ensure 415,000 jobs for youth in Morocco by the end of 2020.
The organisation met with a number of Moroccan ministers as well as its partners in the country to expand its programmes and discuss the launching of programmes that target youth employment in government entities and enable them in new 
sectors.
The organisation also aims to explore new opportunities in different sectors to launch programmes that benefit youth and enable them to develop their 
society.
"Morocco is one of the first countries Silatech worked in since its launch in 2008 and has an operation manager to follow up with the workflow. The number of Moroccan youth (both men and women) benefiting from the Silatech partnership programmes has reached 85,071," it said.
Silatech designed a strategic programme that targets new opportunities in developing Moroccan sectors. For example, in its partnership with the Moroccan ministry of tourism and the International Youth Foundation to implement life skills training in 15 centres, Silatech benefited 3,649 youth and contributed to integrating 821 youth in the job market.
The organisation co-operated with five partner organisations to implement programmes to enable youth and attain financial coverage where the number of youth benefiting from the different micro-credit programmes has reached 81,422.
The organisation's most prominent partnership is with youth financing facility Jaida, which reached 9,556 jobs over three associations. In addition, the organisation has a successful partnership with Attawfiq Microfinance to implement Bodour initiative, which achieved 68,379 jobs out of the 145,000 youth jobs targeted by 2020.
Silatech is an international, non-profit, non-governmental, social development organisation based in Qatar that works to connect Arab youth with jobs and resources necessary to establish and develop projects through working with national, regional and international 
partners.
The organisation works with a network of more than 300 national, regional and international partners to connect young people with economic opportunities and jobs through innovative initiatives in entrepreneurship and employment. (QNA)
Source: Gulf Times 21/05/2018 
